The robor Rock qo slim is by far the
most intelligent robot vacuum cleaner
I've ever seen partly because it's
better at cleaning the thing's got an
extendable side brush and mop to get
into hard to reach Corners it's got dual
rubber brushes underneath tested for 99%
hair pickup on hard to clean carpets and
the thing self cleans its mop and
empties its own dust bin at its dock by
itself but the craziest bit is that it
now uses 3D depth sensors that can
sample 21 times faster than normal robot
vacuums a whole array of sensors to
capture precise outlines of the objects
around it and even a full-on RGB camera
for visual recognition which means that
when you set this thing off to go it
will actually weave its way around not
just the walls and the key features even
the little things it will actually be
able to see that there is a clump of
wires here on the floor it will clean
around them getting as close as it can
without getting tangled in them and then
it will even mark them on its map of the
room so that you can see the bits that
you need to pick up and it does all of
this while being one of the slimmest
robots on the market which means that it
can fit underneath basically anything